Add documentation link + how to use occ command + OnlyOffice tutorial (#278)
YunoHost-Apps/nextcloud_ynh: README.md

* [YunoHost demo](https://demo.yunohost.org/nextcloud/)
* [Official demo](https://demo.nextcloud.com/)

## Documentation

 * Official documentation: https://docs.nextcloud.com/server/18/user_manual/

>  * YunoHost documentation: https://github.com/YunoHost/doc/blob/master/app_nextcloud_fr.md

Reviewer: We could link to the english documentation tho' https://github.com/YunoHost/doc/blob/master/app_nextcloud.md

>  * YunoHost documentation: https://github.com/YunoHost/doc/blob/master/app_nextcloud_fr.md

Reviewer: We could link to the english documentation I guess https://github.com/YunoHost/doc/blob/master/app_nextcloud.md

## Additionnal informations

#### `occ` command usage

> If you need/want to use Nextcloud `occ` command¹, you need to be in `/var/www/nextcloud/` folder, then use `sudo -u nextcloud php7.3 occ` instead of `occ` (as an alternative, you can use `/var/www/nextcloud/occ` to run the command from another directory).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need/want to use Nextcloud `occ` command¹, you need to be in `/var/www/nextcloud/` folder (or `/var/www/nextcloud__n/` depending on your instance number in case of multiple concurrent installations), then use `sudo -u nextcloud php7.3 occ` instead of `occ` (as an alternative, you can use `/var/www/nextcloud/occ` to run the command from another directory).
```

> *NB: you may need to adapt `php7.3` to the php version that Nextcloud is using. Since Nextcloud 18 Yunohost use php7.3, before it was php7.0.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*NB: You may need to adapt `php7.3` to the PHP version that Nextcloud is using. Starting from Nextcloud 18, YunoHost uses php7.3, it used before php7.0.*
```

> ¹ See https://docs.nextcloud.com/server/18/admin_manual/configuration_server/occ_command.html. Use this only if you know what you're doing :)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
¹ See https://docs.nextcloud.com/server/18/admin_manual/configuration_server/occ_command.html
 Use this only if you know what you're doing :)
```
I removed the point and added a newline as the . would be understood as in the URL (under Firefox).
We'll have to remember to update that URL with the upstream latest version in the future...
